okay so just that we have these lovely
vo schnitzels now minor already thin
enough but if you need to thin yours out
use a meat tenderizer we use a flat part
because you don't want to use that shut
pot so we're going to lightly some salt
and pepper okay so next we inch three
Taylor valves we have set up some sort
of conveyor belt kind of thing so we
have flour and this one to beaten eggs
in this one and some breadcrumbs in this
one I'm going to go this way
sequentially so
and then dunk it in the eggs and then
finally in the breadcrumbs now make sure
that all of it gets crowned okay now
that's done they're all we're going to
place them in some oil that's being heat
it up then you're gonna fry them for
about five minutes each side and when
it's done serve up with a slice of lemon
and some adult phul salat or some shadow
salad and there you have it
Venus knit so the national dish of
Austria